killall: split linux and common (#9550)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/killall.md

> - List available signal names (to be used without the 'SIG' prefix):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [l]ist available signal names (to be used without the 'SIG' prefix):
```

Optional fix: use mnenomic for short option.
